Each dataset must be in a separate folder and the name of the folder should match the name of dataset.
Each folder should contain a Metainfo.txt file, describing the dataset. 
The structure of the Metainfo.txt file is the following:

    Dataset Name: "Name of the Dataset"
    
    Description: "Brief description of the dataset, including its content and purpose."
    
    Keywords: "Some kewyords, comma separated, relevant for the dataset."
    
    Version: "Version Number, if applicable. e.g., v1.0, v2.1"
    
    Date Created: "Creation Date e.g., 2023-10-17"
    
    Last Updated: "Latest Update Date, if applicable e.g., 2023-10-17"
    
    Updated by: "Name, e.g. Daniel Pele"
    
    Source: "Where the dataset originated from or who provided it. If available, provide a link or reference. N/A if not the case."
    
    Code: "If applicable, the code used to get the data (a link to Github repository). N/A if not the case."
    
    Data frequency: "E.g. daily, monthly, quartlery, intraday, annual, N/A."
    
    Timeframe: "E.g. 2020:2023."
    
    Features: 'List and describe each of the columns or features in the dataset."
    
    Format: "The file format of the dataset, e.g., CSV, XLSX, SQL, etc."
    
    Usage Rights: "Describe the licensing or terms of use for the dataset. For instance:
    Open source, free to use.
    Restricted for academic use only.
    Commercial usage requires permission. N/A if not the case."
    
    Possible Uses: "Suggest some potential applications or research areas where the dataset might be valuable. N/A if not the case."
    
    Contact: "Provide contact details (such as an email) for the person or organization responsible for maintaining or providing the dataset.
    N/A if not the case."
    
    Additional Resources: "Any related datasets, tools, or papers that might be of interest to the users. N/A if not the case."
    
    Notes: "Any potential issues users should be aware of when working with the dataset. N/A if not the case."
